Help again.
So after completing the Great of the different ethics I host we we're back to this place you will see
all those dots make it to upgrade become compliant.
You will see about the different tools that substantively On-Star updates will be in this list right
here.
If in your heart that is not how complete the installation successfully you will find this right.
Then if we check in I host my chair will found a model version Id change it from this one.
So a mother of four machines that you should care about when you want to make an update or to E6 I host.
You need to copy this number of the vision the world number of different version.
But number two hypervisor as stated in the house is this number you need to copy this one and see whats
in our documents in are not paid or on specific plays.
When you complete the oscillation and have some error you can't know which version was before you make
that astonishing.
When we complete the operation this number will be changed to unloader.
Well number or will version.
So you should save those number before completing to upgrade.
What the difference is is I host them on another information right.
You can also do the upgrade at the level of the host.
You can go to any Isak's I host you got to update manager and Silex the host Bartsch then you chose
an immediate to complete the astonishment only Abdulahi of the disk I host controls them one by one.
Another information head that when you go to our virtual machine.
Ah VM were truly opthalmic into updates of the different tool or deliver it is a host when you check
a virtual machine you in front to me missiles right here that this machine does not have a tool.
If we check this one like that it should be run in to see the missile return.
You will see a lot to me when I say that the VM which is not on solid in this virtual machine.
Why.
Because in this situation the compression or the scan between the VM were taught inside the virtual
machine.
We can have a different.
We do them what.
India is a host.
So there are some chance between them were true in the host and virtual machine.
And this is unique to update do being what truly in difference a virtual machine of course with the
same you got the updates manager you chose.
VM all updates and immediate do updates in this virtual machine.
Also here you will find information about the version of The View in which all these wanderer's not
have and which to check this one.
How do you see do vision of do.
VM what true is 10 to.
Of course after making updates what you do you will find another number right there.
So this is the information about the word true.
And I bargees
also we can't do with a delivery of the data center so we can't go for them word like this.
And of course we check the different complaints here each of you that's all the are are incompatible
because they do not have an operating system inside it.
You installed a central server and this is our middle machine.
So you can simply click on this one and chose the same process stage page to download the page.
Of course the two should be download downloaded.
I believe it.
If I host then we can simply click remediate and head it's automatically chose a VM via our appliance
then chose the line name next.
There is the difference between machine.
You check them out.
Of course this one is a mirror.
But of course you can install the VM were two sided Did you see great for the true for a different individual
machine one does not have and work through and does one still not have any VM withdrawal etc..
Then you click next day.
Here we have some option name the task description.
The upgrade our power.
That's mean we'll put the upgrade until with power our virtual machine when we powered any of the vision
machine will upgrade to when we're inside a virtual machine when they are bolted on.
Or you can apply to operate at a specific time with power on the virtual machine and install the VM
were all one by one controls specific time foreboded on your machine all the power on your machine in
this time for the part of your machine in this time forces form the virtual machine.
In this time.
Then you click next.
Then what is it.
Option for taking a snapshot.
It is always recommended to take a snapshot of the virtual machine before remediate to enable Rohrbach
then it shows how much time to keep the snapshot for which you put out or do not want to do it manually.
You give a name for the snapshot.
What example.
Snape for updates like that.
The description also have option to take a snapshot of the memory.
It's not important for the update but if you want to get a snapshot of the memory you can chose it then
next.
Again you can't start to upgrade immediately for the different better machine.
So this is the option to make the updates Abdula of the virtual machine.
When you start it it will start updating do different virtual machine to work perfectly.
So this is a different update.
We have Abdula bit of the horse and Adam Levine of the virtual machine.
So I hope that I cover all the important step right here.
If you have any new information that you want to share it with us please share it in the discussion
course and see you in the next VDO.